this is Chris fuller at Red River
Chevrolet in Bossier City Louisiana and
today i'ma show you the interior of the
all new 2015 Tahoe
[Music]
new for this year chevrolet mylink is
new in the 2015 tahoe similar to the
mileage systems in the new silverado
picked up a slight difference is that
this system has a hidden compartment
just like the new Impala with the USB
port behind the screen navigation phone
when your phone is bluetooth to the
system you can even use the Siri on the
iPhones
or the voice controls for other phones
like Android so you can actually have
commands through your phone using Siri
in those systems this has power
telescoping and tilting on the steering
wheel the steering wheel is similar to
the Impala and the Silverado with the
same instrumentation for the Driver
Information Center and those functions
there also for the voice control
Bluetooth and telephone on this side the
cruise control this is your Ford
collision alert and heated steering
wheel the systems are can be operated
through the settings in the MyLink
system and by push buttons on the dash
or on the steering wheel the adaptive
cruise control works along with the
camera in the front of the vehicle and
the cruise control when you sent that
cruise control it measures the vehicles
in front of you and it will measure up
to 300 feet in front of the vehicle and
when it notices a vehicle or it comes
into view it will slow this truck down
it will slow it down and even stop the
vehicle you still have to maintain
control and be vigilant so if you need
to touch the brake you can it is a
machine so you still need to interact
with the vehicle and if you need to
touch the brake you can it does have
imminent braking imminent collision
braking so if it senses that there is a
collision it will pre brake or preset up
the system for braking and brake if it
needs to with the adaptive cruise
control as you're going into curves or
you're next to guardrails or anything
you have to be careful because it may
break because it senses something in
front of it the lane departure warning
if it moves from a lane without you
signaling or that camera notices you
cross the lines it will beep or even
alert the seat the seat has a vibration
in it that will vibrate to let you know
if you cross on the left or the right
side of the vehicle also it has a lane
change assistance with this lane change
assistance it works with the side
blind-zone alert there are sensors in
the back of the vehicle so with the side
blind zone alert if there's a vehicle
within a car length next to the rear
quarter-panel of this vehicle it will
alert you that there is a vehicle error
with the lane change assistance it
measures that lane back up to 360 feet
so if there is a vehicle approaching and
you turn on a turn signal it will alert
you and let you know that there is
something coming up behind you so as you
get ready to change lanes there is
something approaching there is a light
in
sideview mirror that comes on and let
you know every time you crank up the
vehicle this system comes on it blinks
in the side view mirror let you know
that the system is owned and that it
will it is active see rear cross traffic
alert in this vehicle works with sonar
so when you as you bagged up it measures
from the center of the vehicle out to
about a ninety five feet and if there is
something approaching down an aisle and
you're bagging out it will alert you
that something that's coming the all of
the systems in this vehicle are are
active when you cut the vehicle and you
can chain cut off almost any of these
these systems that active cruise control
comes on when you cut the cruise control
on you can cut the cruise control off or
you can change the amount of distance
between you and the vehicle in front of
you so you still have to be vigilant at
all times when you're driving a vehicle
these systems are designed to help you
but they're also you also have to be
vigilant about these systems the comfort
and convenience in this vehicle it has
heated and cooled seats in it this is
the rear climate control for the rear of
the vehicle you can activate this also
the rear seat passengers have controls
in the back seat where they can control
back to the air conditioning system in
here is new for this year the auto
control sync for syncing up either the
front passengers are all of them in the
vehicle is I like this feature about
syncing is it's very neat and useful in
this vehicle the radio with the MyLink
connectivity with your phone especially
smart phones is its top of the line we
have
created a very new market with the this
is very useful easy to use touchscreen
for everything for the audio for your
phone this has like in other vehicles
I've explained before about tagging
songs through XM radio being able to
download them and buy them through
iTunes the phone you can pick up your
voicemail you can use your Siri you can
use your voice through your Android
phones it you can Bluetooth 10 devices
to this vehicle and their USB ports all
over their USB ports behind the screen
here there are something inside the
center console there's also a space in
there for a SD card so you can actually
put movies or pictures on that the DVD
is now blu-ray DVD in the LTZ so that
system now is in line with with the new
technologies happening in our in our
society today this is Chris fuller at
Red River Chevrolet thank you for
watching our video you can reach me at
three one eight four two six four four
three six you'll be able to look out for
more videos of up comes products thank
you